---
section: Before you start
title: Introduction
sub-title: What is DX@Scale and what you can do with it
---

**DX@Scale** is a collection of practices, open-source tools, frameworks, and practitioners built on our experience in delivering large and complex Salesforce programs. Utilising our **'curated'** practices, you can build a modular Salesforce Org that is reliable and easy to maintain.

## Developer Experience with DX@Scale

Before we dive into DX@Scale, let's take a look at the Developer Experience with DX@Scale.

::prose-video
---
video-id: 4og4gR6s0tY
aspect-ratio: 16:9
---

## Why DX@Scale?

Salesforce was a platform designed with the "clicks not code" philosophy, since then, it has evolved from a CRM platform into an Enterprise Platform. Many companies now consider Salesforce a critical system, and the number of applications it supports is consistently increasing, alongside the level of customisation and complexity.

Salesforce projects have always suffered from unreliable deployments, costly governance and poor developer experience due to the lack of the proper tooling and practices.

The introduction of Salesforce DX is revolutionising the ways of working with Salesforce. DX@Scale extends the existing Salesforce DX ecosystem by providing:

1. CI/CD orchestration capabilities
1. End-to-End observability
1. Body of knowledge for Modular Development

Which leads to:

1. Simplification of the developer experience,
1. Ability to achieve consistent and reliable deployments,
1. Reduction in terms of cost/overhead in Salesforce Programs.
